you don't remember my name do you
look good time last night that's all
right nothing special Adam you can left
your socks in my room yeah hey champ hey
what happened last night you made my
body hurts so much oh you're a half hema
did I have sex with anyone in this
apartment last night no you didn't so I
just pass out on your couch yeah you
were naked and crying do you like her I
can't date her she's my oldest friend
hey yes I know did you have sex with em
oh no yes I'm a doctor I worked 80 hours
a week I need someone who's gonna be a
man betta to and who I don't have to eat
breakfast with I hate breakfast good
let's remember where are you you want to
come back strong here by where am I
why'd you check your underpants yeah
yeah I don't like that maybe we should
establish ground rules no why jealousy
don't let me as your emergency contact I
don't don't ask me what I think of like
body ya can't focus on my porn with all
this real sex going on around me yeah I
just felt wrong
I think I'm falling bird that's a
horrible idea you're living every guy's
dream right now why would you mess that
up I really like you mm you always find
these perfect guys and then you like
it'll never work I think monogamy it
goes against our basic biology go
somewhere else okay okay let me call
every girl and my phone until someone
agrees to have sex with me toast to
death that is a terrible
self-destructive plan and we're behind
you a hundred percent you are such an
overachiever thank you
wanted David me one day
back you can't fight me your miniature
you fight like a hamster